1. I have several computers at home that I use for my business and entertainment. My primary rig for programming will be my circa 2006 iMac running Windows 7 Professional (a recent upgrade from my former Windows XP OS, thanks to DVC's agreement with Microsoft DreamSpark / OnTheHub / e-academy! What a great resource!). I've loaded the iMac up with Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 Express for compiling C++. Thanks to the great link to http://ideone.com/, I can also compile on guest computers while visiting friends or on my laptop (running Windows XP) if I'm traveling. I understand that the classroom PCs running Windows XP are available as well, though I don't anticipate using them for my COMSC110 work.

2. Notepad will be my editor of choice on all computers until we begin to work in a C++ IDE. Once it is time to use a C++ IDE, I will use Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Express installed on my home iMac running Windows 7.

3. As above, while working on my primary iMac rig, I will compile with Visual Studio Command Prompt (in the Microsoft Visual Studio Express 2010 software package), but will use http://ideone.com/ to compile programs while on-the-go (though I will be sure to do the final compilation on the iMac).

4. My primary file storage location is on my Windows 7 iMac, in the directory "C:\Users\Melgar iMac\Dropbox\Programming." This folder is shared over my Dropbox account, which means it is backed up on the cloud through Dropbox's server. Additionally, all files and subfolders in the folder will automatically sync across all my computers signed in to my Dropbox account (primarily my laptop for when I travel), and I will have direct file download access through Dropbox's website, including a 30-day log of file version changes.

5. Having only one file is proverbially "putting all your eggs in one basket." If something should happen to the file in that location - loss or destruction of hardware; accidental user destruction or corruption; malicious exes with "Format c:" knowledge - all your work, references, notes, history changes, etc. included in the location are gone.