Q1. What happens if you assign a floating point value to an "int" variable?

A1. The program compiles, but upon running the output only displays the
integer value, not the decimal values. Importantly: the program does not
round! It only displays (and, I assume, stores) the numbers before the
decimal. This could produce calculation errors if a complex decimal was
stored as an integer, and the demical values were removed.

Q2. What happens if you assign a multiple-character text value to a
"char" variable?

A2. Enclosing the multiple-character text value with double quotes
(as in "Male") produces a compiling error. Though the full text is
cut off in the command prompt box, I believe the error explains that
it cannot convert the multiple-character text into the single-character
'char' variable type. (ALSO noteworthy: Enclosing multiple-character
text within single quotes (as in 'Male") will NOT produce a compiling
error; however, upon running, only the last character in the character
string will display (in this instance, "e").)

Q3. What happens if you assign a single-character text value to a
"string" variable?

A3. Enclosing a single character within single quotes (as in 'A')
produced some kind of very lengthy and complex compiling error.
I believe, similarly to Q2, the error is explaining that the compiler
cannot convert from a 'char' type to string type.

Q4. What happens if you assign a single-character text value to an
"int" variable?

A4. The program compiles and runs, but the value returned for the
integer is an unpredictable number. The single character text value
'0' displayed "48" upon running; the value '-7' displayed "11575;"
and the value 'a' displayed "97." I assume there is some kind of
hard-coded translation at work here; suffice to say that I will
not get the results I want if I use a single-character text value
in an inteer-type variable.

Q5. What happens if you assign a single-character text value to a
floating point variable?

A5. Essentially the same problem as Q4 - the single character text
is replaced by an unpredictable number.

Q6. What happens if you assign an integer value to a "char" variable?

A6. The program compiles and runs, but the "character" returned is
unpredictable, like a smiley face in the case of 1.

Q7. What happens if you assign an integer value to a "string" variable?

A7. Similar to Q3, the compiler produces an error, stating that it cannot
convert from the 'int' variable type to a string type.